hey what's up guys today I'm going to
show you how to make a very easy and
delicious spaghetti and meatball recipe
so first up you're going to grab a bowl
and put some ground meat into it here
I'm using ground pork you can use ground
turkey chicken or beef it's really your
preference next you're going to add your
chopped up parsley then subtract up
garlic here I'm using whole-wheat bread
crumbs you can use again really whatever
bread crumbs that you desire then next
I'm going to add some shaved parmesan
cheese some chili powder some oregano
and some chili flakes once you're done
adding all these ingredients just give
it a really good solid mix making sure
that all the ingredients that they're
breadcrumbs are absorbed in with the
meat and then you're going to start
forming your meatballs
alright so when you start forming your
meatballs you're going to want to
compress the meat in the beginning in
between your hands allowing it to really
become one solid mass and as you start
rolling you want to sort of loosen your
grip just so you have a really nice
smooth meatball and this will prevent
any large cracks from running through
the center of that meat which in turn
will prevent your meatballs from falling
apart as you cook them
once you're done forming all your
meatballs these are about an ounce and a
half a piece you're going to want to get
a large saute pan on high heat with some
olive oil in there and then seria
meatballs for about five minutes or so
until they turn really nice and golden
brown
all right so once your meatballs have a
proper sear on them you're going to add
some chopped up raw garlic to the pan
give it a few shakes and then you're
going to add your tomato puree followed
by some salt pepper some dry oregano and
some brown sugar and then you're going
to finish it off with some tomato paste
and a good helping of olive oil give
this a few stirs and then you're going
to let this reduce for a solid hour on
low heat
once your meatballs are done you're
going to have a pot of boiling water
going and generously season it with some
salt drop your spaghetti pasta in there
and you're going to cook this for about
five to seven minutes until the pasta is
nice and al dente
then you're going to give it a good
strain and then coat the pasta and a
generous helping of olive oil so that
the noodles don't stick together and
then we're going to plate this up
alright so when you plate the pasta just
gently lay it on the plate using almost
like a twisting motion and this will
give the pasta almost like a spiral
weaved look and help give it some body
as well after that you're gonna
generously spoon some of the sauce over
the top of the pasta along with the
meatballs and then you're going to
generously top all of this with some
freshly grated Parmesan cheese and then
I like to use some freshly picked basil
leaves just the smaller leaves off of
the plant and it gives it just a
beautiful pop of green to this beautiful
dish and all there is to do is enjoy
this with your friends and family and
have a wonderful dinner
here you go my dear this is a spaghetti
enemy divine enemy the BA hmm mmm
there's a good sign so far mm-hmm so
first we need a little pasta that's a
big bite was it yeah it takes a while
right you got to come in when you're
eating expanding you do this is true you
have to commit you got to commit you
take like a wimpy bite you sometimes
people make meatballs like huge these
are not too big so I just got mine a
half and we have leftover so I think we
should make meatballs allows oh yeah
doesn't that sound good yeah it does oh
my word so what'd you think I think it's
perfect pretty good yeah and I love it's
like slightly spicy yes I make my
meatballs this is like you have a little
bit of spice with the chili flake and
some chili powder so I was thinking we
should have that moment what's that move
that Disney movie or we both like have
one end of the spaghetti no the lady in
the trash
yeah oh we need to have a lady in the
movie than I like nudge the
meatball over to you on abiquiu yeah
probably not gonna happen though well
good job good two thumbs up
four stars Rachel's LA Times article
yeah yeah for sure awesome it's good
really good hopefully you guys enjoyed
it I know everybody has their like you
know Mama's spaghetti recipe everybody
has their own like tailor-made spaghetti
recipe this is mine hopefully you guys
enjoyed it if you did please thumbs up
and subscribe and as always I'll have
the full recipe broken down written
format on my website so if you guys you
know prefer that you can go check it out
Byron Talbott calm and I'll see you guys
next time with another fantastic recipe
bye everybody
you